CheckerLogger
=============

1. Description

Saves coordinates submitted to GeoChecker at geocache.fi.

Coordinates are only saved for the current browser session. When you
close your brownser, the entries will be deleted. The entries are also
deleted if you choose to clear your browsing history. You can save
the coordinates to a file and load them from a file if you need to
save the entries for the next browser session.

The extension only saves coordinates submitted AFTER the extension was
installed. Only the information submitted is saved. In particular NO
information is saved about the result of submission: whether the
coordinates were right, wrong, hit a hot spot, or if the safety
passphrase was wrong.

Also keep in mind the terms of use of the GeoChecker! In particular
the checker is meant for checking the solution of a mystery, not for
solving the mystery.

2. License

The software is available under GNU General Public License.

3. Installation and use

Open the xpi file with firefox (either Open file or drag and drop the
xpi file on a Firefox window) and follow the instructions.

When Checkerlogger is installed, submitted coordinates are
automatically saved. To inspect saved coordinates choose CheckerLogger
from the Tools menu.

4. Tested platforms

Ubuntu 12.04.4 and Firefox 31.0

5. Contact

Leena Salmela <geoleena2@gmail.com>

6. Change log

Version 1.0.1: Fixed a bug that caused some coordinates containing all
zero entries not to be saved.

----

1. Kuvaus

Tämä lisäosa tallettaa geocache.fi:n GeoChecker-palveluun lähetetyt
koordinaatit.

Koordinaatit tallennetaan vain yhden selainsession ajaksi. Kun suljet
selaimen tallennetut koordinaatit poistetaan. Koordinaatit poistetaan
myös, kun tyhjennät selaimen välimuistin. Voit tallettaa koordinaatit
tiedostoon ja ladata ne tiedostosta, jos haluat tallettaa ne seuraavaa
selainsessiota varten.

Lisäosa tallettaa vain koordinaatit, jotka on lähetetty
tarkastettavaksi lisäosan asentamisen JÄLKEEN. Lisäosa tallettaa vain
lähetetyn informaation. Huomaa erityisesti, että tietoa tarkastamisen
lopputuloksesta EI talleteta: Koordinaatit ovat voineet olla oikein,
väärin, osua kuumaan pisteeseen tai turvakoodi on voinut olla väärin.
                        
Muista myös GeoCheckerin käyttöehdot! GeoChecker on tarkoitettu
ratkaisun tarkistamiseen, ei mysteerin ratkaisemiseen.

2. Lisenssi

Ohjelma on saatavilla GNU General Public License lisenssin alla.

3. Asennus ja käyttö

Avaa xpi-tiedosto Firefoxilla (joko Avaa tiedosto tai vedä ja pudota
xpi-tiedosto Firefoxin ikkunaan) ja seuraa ohjeita.

CheckerLogger kerää automaattisesti lähetetyt koordinaatit. Voit
katsoa talletettuja koordinaatteja valitsemalla CheckerLoggerin
selaimen Työkalut valikosta.

4. Testatut alustat

Ubuntu 12.04.4 ja Firefox 31.0

5. Yhteystiedot

Leena Salmela <geoleena2@gmail.com>

6. Muutokset

Versio 1.0.1: Korjattu virhe, joka esti joidenkin nollia sisältävien
koordinaattien tallentamisen.
